---
layout: post
title:  "Black Snow"
date:   2019-08-12 12:26:58 -0700
categories: Short
---
Each breath Teller took was short. His body wanted more, but his lungs refused to process the air. It was sharp, industrial, and lacked the oxygen Harar needed to sustain life.

He was on his morning commute through Midtown, towards the lab where he spent most of his waking hours.

Teller trudged through the snow, socks so saturated with icy water that the excess sloshed around in his boots. He had been on Harar for so long that he had forgotten real warmth. It was a bleak and frozen planet; the wasteland of the galaxy, created for those that seeked solice, and focus.

Teller hated it.

He saw the gates of his lab slowly come into view. The building's steel facade was a dulled, slate grey, with no decoration besides a tiny set of etched murals on the west side of the gate. The murals contained scenes of past lab milestones -- tributes to the scholars and engineers who had built the lab.

As he pried out his access key and activated the gate mechanism, he couldn't help but feel anxious about today's agenda. 

It was, after all, the day of his centennial report; he had 2 full hours to present his dissertation to Harar's distinguished panel of native scholars (some of which were so old that they were depicted in the murals).

As much as he wanted to do that, Teller had stumbled across several data points yesterday that were...troubling.

The gates creaked open, slowly exposing him the to outer courtyard. He was home.

--

Papers were strewn across his lab floor. Most housed old calculations -- forgotten algorithms and derivations that Teller had played with as he started his dissertation.

He quite hated seeing the papers covering the ground; they reminded him of the snowy white landscapes outside.

As he checked the nightly machine output, he noticed it again. The tiny spike in data from the measurements on Harar's atmosphere. It was a cryptic data point, so inexplicable that Teller wanted to dismiss it as signal noise.

He couldn't. He had checked his experimental setup thousands of times in anticipation of today, tweaking and calibrating each component to gather clean data.

Teller gave up on proving the point wrong. He started thinking about what it would mean in the context of his research. Running his models on the data point barely worked. It was such a true outlier that several of his code tests failed.

And then he saw it. The data point's output.

Black snow.

A 3 hour period on Harar where the snow, as black as night, would fall over Harar.

Teller chuckled.

His data was nowhere near as disturbing as he thought. Even better; this would be the perfect, lighthearted way of ending his centennial report.

--

"You have outdone yourself, Teller."

Teller's attention moved to the leftmost figure on the panel.

With a delighted tone, the scholar continued. "Despite a limited budget, you've managed to devise and instrument a model for interatmospheric particle transfer. That, is nothing short of amazing."

"Your honor's praise is undeserving," said Teller. "Nothing in this project could have come about had the panel not sponsored my work."

"A-and my food and lodging", he added, after a quick pause.

The panel members chuckled. Teller's body eased.

As he brought his voice back to speak, he felt a significant amount of tension return to his shoulders.

"To end, I thought I would bring up an minor exception in the collected data. One that, after being run through my models, resulted in a phenomonal glimpse into Harar's atmospheric abnormalities."

As Teller moved forward in his model, he felt the room lean in for one final bout of attentiveness.

"Black snow. 3 hours of black snow, falling on Harar, due to the trace atmospheric measurements I recorded."

Silence. Something in the room changed.

Teller noticed. He shifted his eyes around the room, immediately regretting bringing up the point.

"Of course," Teller hastily added, "your honorary council members will most likely debunk this with wisdom on what might have interfered with my set up."

...to be continued
