---
layout: post
title:  "Pills"
date:   2019-06-29 20:26:58 -0700
categories: Short
---
Almost lunch time.

That’s your last thought as you sit in the fourth meeting of the day. Your back hurts, and you’re on your final sip of coffee. It’s 11:37. The meeting was supposed to end 7 minutes ago.

The taste of cold coffee is still more interesting than this presentation.

As you stare at the slides, you realize you should ask some more smart sounding questions. After all, there are some seriously important people in the room; ex-founders, product managers, designers, and the best engineers that your company could afford. 7 out of 8  graduated from Stanford, including yourself. The other guy is the CEO.

“So, who’s writing the Design Doc?”, you say.

Fuck. You realize that you just added 10 minutes to the meeting. As for who actually writes the doc, you don’t care. Joe knows the most about the project, but he’s leaving for Tahoe in 2 days. Now that you think about it, he just got back from Tahoe.

“There’s a lotta good snow this time of the year”, he always says. What a douche.

As you stare off into space, you realize that you feel more anxious than usual. You reach into your bag to check for the pill bottle you’ll open at lunch.

“Two pills with food, John.” That’s what your psychiatrist always said. You’re sure you’d be fine with taking them alone. But something about following her rules makes you comfortable.

As you reach down, you realize there’s nothing in the small front compartment of your bag.

You rustle through the main pouch, making sure to make no noise and still look up at the deck.

Nothing.

You’re…sweating. You never forget your pills.

Todd’s question pulls you back into reality.

“John?”
“…Yeah. O-Oh. My b-bad, wasn’t p-p-paying attention.”

There you go again. Stuttering, just like before.

Before you met your psychiatrist.

“John please. This is important. Now how do you feel about the success metrics for the project?”

—

As the meeting goes on, you stumble across your words, have a panic attack, and sweat through your favorite blue button up.

Everyone else in the meeting was fine, of course. They had their pills last night.
